---
layout: post
category: companydetail
title: "Gemini8"
excerpt: "Germin8 is a Social Media Intelligence company focused on helping you understand and act in real time on the gazillions of conversations by your stakeholders.
Germin8 Social Listening™ is a proprietary stakeholder insights, engagement and social media listening platform that collects and analyses conversations in real time from public sources and private sources,
and converts them into industry-specific actionable insights and leads."
tags: [india, startups, companies]
comments: true

tags_relevant: [india]
---


Germin8 is a Social Media Intelligence company focused on helping you understand and act in real time on the gazillions of conversations by your stakeholders.
Germin8 Social Listening™ is a proprietary stakeholder insights, engagement and social media listening platform that collects and analyses conversations in real time from public sources and private sources, and converts them into industry-specific actionable insights and leads.

### Subfields of AI Being Used
* Applied Machine Learning 
* Big Data
* Domain Knowledge & Predictive Analytics

### Uses AI for
* Media and Entertaintemnt 
* Pharmaceuticals
* ELectronics 

### Applies AI on
* Text
* Images

### Team
Ranjit Nair(CEO)
I work at germinait Solutions, an IT products firm that is focused on commercializing AI research with the help of various AI researchers worldwide. Read our blog for more details.
I received my Ph.D. from the Computer Science Department at University of Southern California.

Publications 
Pradeep Varakantham, Ranjit Nair, Milind Tambe, Makoto Yokoo: "Winning back the cup for distributed POMDPs: Planning over continuous belief spaces", Proceedings of the Fifth International Joint Conference on Autonomous Agents and Multiagent Systems (AAMAS), 2006.

Ranjit Nair, Pradeep Varakantham, Milind Tambe and Makoto Yokoo: "Networked Distributed POMDPs: A Synthesis of Distributed Constraint Optimization and POMDPs", Proceedings of the Twentieth National Conference on Artificial Intelligence (AAAI-05), 2005 .

Ranjit Nair, Milind Tambe: "Hybrid BDI-POMDP Framework for Multiagent Teaming", Journal of Artificial Intelligence Research (JAIR), Vol. 23, pp. 367-420, 2005.

Ranjit Nair:"Coordinating Multiagent Teams in Uncertain Domains using Distributed POMDPs", Ph. D. Thesis, University of Southern California, 2004.

Ranjit Nair, Milind Tambe, Stacy Marsella and Taylor Raines: "Automated Assistants for Analyzing Team Behaviors", Journal of Automated Agents and Multi-agent Systems (JAAMAS), Vol. 8(1), Kluwer Publication, pp. 69-111, 2004.

Gemini8 has 51-200 members.



### Technology Stack
* Natural Language Processing (NLP) 
* Sentiment Analysis
* ML Algorithms 

<p align="center">Mumbai, India</p>

<p align="center">
<a href="http://germin8.com/" style="color:#3366CC">Website</a> | 
<a href="https://twitter.com/germin8?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw%7Ctwcamp%5Eembeddedtimeline%7Ctwterm%5E570273546585116672&ref_url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.germin8.com%2Fsolutions%2F">Twitter</a> | 

