---
layout: post
category: companydetail
title: "Guavus"
excerpt: "Proven at the world’s most demanding customers, Guavus is at the forefront of streaming big data analytics, artificial intelligence and machine learning innovation. Guavus processes half a trillion records every day for over 450 million individuals, enabling enterprises to analyze data the instant it’s captured, driving faster decision making, lower costs and higher growth.
 
The Guavus Reflex® analytics platform enables customers to gain a competitive edge by helping them put all their data to work to uncover new insights and make better quality and timely decisions.  Guavus provides big data analytics applications for systems planning and operations, mobile traffic analytics, marketing, customer care, security and IoT."
tags: [india, startups, companies]
comments: true

tags_relevant: [india]
---


Proven at the world’s most demanding customers, Guavus is at the forefront of streaming big data analytics, artificial intelligence and machine learning innovation. Guavus processes half a trillion records every day for over 450 million individuals, enabling enterprises to analyze data the instant 
it’s captured, driving faster decision making, lower costs and higher growth.
 
The Guavus Reflex® analytics platform enables customers to gain a competitive edge by helping them put all their data to
work to uncover new insights and make better quality and timely decisions.  Guavus provides big data analytics applications 
for systems planning and operations, mobile traffic analytics, marketing, customer care, security and IoT.

### Subfields of AI Being Used
* Applied Machine Learning 
* Big Data
* Domain Knowledge 

### Uses AI for
* Mobile Traffic Analysis
* Security 
* Big Data Analysis 

### Applies AI on
* Text
* Images
* Videos 

### Team
Hamid Habib( Software Engineer)
Experienced Web Application Developer with a demonstrated history of working in the higher education industry. Skilled in Express.js, SQL, Java, Node.js, and AngularJS. Strong engineering professional 
with a Bachelor of Engineering (B.Eng.) focused in Software Engineering from University of Ottawa.

Atieh Saberi (Software Developer)
Master’s degree in Information Systems Security with extensive Computer Engineering background
Designing, implementing, developing, enhancing and maintaining web applications and back end services * Java, Ruby on Rails, Javascript, AngularJS, HTML, CSS, SASS, JSON, Ajax, RESTful web services, MVC, Maven, Git, Github
Strong knowledge of Object Oriented Design (OOD) and Software Development Life cycle (SDLC)

Guavus team has 201-500 members.

### Technology Stack
* Internet of Things 
* Network Operations 
* Telecom

<p align="center">San Jose, California</p>

<p align="center">
<a href="https://guavus.com/" style="color:#3366CC">Website</a> | <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/guavus/?originalSubdomain=in" style="color:#3366CC">LinkedIn</a> | 
<a href="https://twitter.com/guavus?ref_src=twsrc%5Egoogle%7Ctwcamp%5Eserp%7Ctwgr%5Eauthor" style="color:#3366CC">Twitter</a> | <a href="https://www.facebook.com/Guavus/" style="color:#3366CC">Facebook</a></p>
