---
layout: post
category: companydetail
title: "Aureus Analytics"
excerpt: "Aureus (pl. aurei — 'golden') was a gold coin of ancient Rome 
Maths was and continues to be the fundamental building block for advancement of the Human Race. Technology has long depended on maths & algorithms and now management is warming up to the value of mathematics in management.
We, at Aureus, believe that Analytics and Predictive methodologies will help organizations capitalize on the Data Deluge and progress into a golden future."
tags: [india, startups, companies]
comments: true

tags_relevant: [india]
---


Aureus (pl. aurei — "golden") was a gold coin of ancient Rome 

Maths was and continues to be the fundamental building block for advancement of the Human Race. Technology has long depended on maths & algorithms and now management is warming up to the value of mathematics in management.
We, at Aureus, believe that Analytics and Predictive methodologies will help organizations capitalize on the Data Deluge and progress into a golden future.

### Subfields of AI Being Used
* Applied Machine Learning 
* Big Data
* Domain Knowledge & Predictive Analytics

### Uses AI for
* Policy Administration
* Fraud Aanalytics 
* Customer Analytics 

### Applies AI on
* Text
* Images

### Team
1.Sangeeta Singh
Senior Developer - Code commando in charge, Sangeeta leads the development of the platform and products. Sangeeta brings with her an incredible 8 years of experience and was associated with NTT Data GDS earlier.
Sangeeta holds BE degree from V.T University, Bangalore.
When not solving a code crisis, Sangeeta can be found making reservations at the hippest joint in town!

2. Dr. Nilesh Karnik
Nilesh is also the chief anecdotist.
As a Chief Data Scientist he is responsible for development of algorithms and mathematical models that power Aureus platform and products and help large organizations with advanced analytics solutions.
His PhD dissertation made a substantial contribution to the theory of Type-2 Fuzzy Logic Systems and his work is still widely referenced.
While not busy developing the next big statistical model, Nilesh can be found looking for interest audio books on life and such things.



Aureus Analytics ML team has 5 members.



### Technology Stack
* C# 
* Microsoft KINECT
* XBOX
* Healthcare Domain
* Data Analytics

<p align="center">Singapore India USA</p>

<p align="center">
<a href="http://blog.aureusanalytics.com/" style="color:#3366CC">Website</a> | <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/aureus-analytics/?originalSubdomain=in" style="color:#3366CC">LinkedIn</a> | <a href="https://twitter.com/@AureusAnalytics" style="color:#3366CC">Twitter</a> | <a href="https://www.facebook.com/Algoanalytics-1861931557423786/" style="color:#3366CC">Facebook</a></p>
