---
layout: post
category: companydetail
title: "Mu-Sigma"
excerpt: "We are the world’s largest pure play Big Data Analytics and Decision Sciences company with a Unicorn status in the US and the only profitable Unicorn in India.
We work with more than 140 Fortune 500 companies through a unique ecosystem that brings together People, Processes, and Platforms. We currently have 3500 Decision Scientists worldwide.

We are honored to have been recognized by Walmart as their Supplier of the Year, and as the preferred analytics partner by Microsoft.

The venture capitalists who were the first investors in Facebook and Google have made their largest investment in the analytics space with us and we continue to add 6-8 new logos every quarter."
tags: [india, startups, companies]
comments: true

tags_relevant: [india]
---

We are the world’s largest pure play Big Data Analytics and Decision Sciences company with a Unicorn status in the US and the only profitable Unicorn in India.
We work with more than 140 Fortune 500 companies through a unique ecosystem that brings together People, Processes, and Platforms. We currently have 3500 Decision Scientists worldwide.
We are honored to have been recognized by Walmart as their Supplier of the Year, and as the preferred analytics partner by Microsoft.
The venture capitalists who were the first investors in Facebook and Google have made their largest investment in the analytics space with us and we continue to add 6-8 new logos every quarter.

### Subfields of AI Being Used
* Big Data 
* Business Analytics 
* Applied Machine Learning 

### Uses AI for
* Risk Analytics 
* Retail Analytics 
* Marketing Analytics 

### Applies AI on
* Text

### Team
Kashish Gupta (Data Scientist)
Business Analyst with 2+ years of analytics experience with sales and marketing teams of Fortune 500 companies.
Client facing exposure through consulting for multiple stakeholders and proactively leading team by managing projects, channelizing efforts and mentoring peers. 

Well versed with quantitative foundations of modeling techniques and specifically linear regression, cluster analysis and Random forest 

Analytics competencies: Predictive modelling , K-means clustering, profiling and impact calculations
Industry Experience : Airlines, Telecommunications and High Tech
Technologies used: R, SAS, SQL, Teradata, Tableau, Spotfire, Excel (Advanced)


Mu-Sigma's team has 1000-5000 employees.


### Technology Stack  
* Internet of Things
* Decision Sciences

<p align="center">Northbrook, Illinois</p>

<p align="center">
<a href="https://www.mu-sigma.com/" style="color:#3366CC">Website</a> | 
<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/mu-sigma/?originalSubdomain=in" style="color:#3366CC">LinkedIn</a> | 
<a href="https://twitter.com/MuSigmaInc?ref_src=twsrc%5Egoogle%7Ctwcamp%5Eserp%7Ctwgr%5Eauthor" style="color:#3366CC">Twitter</a> |
<a href="https://www.facebook.com/musigmaofficial/" style="color:#3366CC">Facebook</a></p>
